# machine-consciousness
Okay, so here is the basic idea: Just like humans can make decisions based on their past experiences with someone, we can use the same concept in machines.
For example, let's take Python. We can create a list that contains a few good and positive words like:nice,great,funny, etc. We can create another list that contains words that are not so positive, like bad, hate, etc.
Now, machines can store these words in a variable when they are used in a sentence and rate the user from 1 to 100 percent.
For example, if someone uses nice and positive words in their conversation with the machine, the machine will rate them at, say, 78%. If, on the other hand, there is another person who is a bit rude to the machine and uses not so positive words in their conversation with the machine, then the machine will rate the other person lower than the positive person, say, 50%.
Obviously, when asked, the machine would favor the person with a rating of 78%. We can also add other factors to the rating, like lying,truth, trust, and emotional Let's take another example: suppose the user is using emotional words in his conversation with the machine, then the machine would rate the user a bit higher in the emotional sector of rating. Now,  because the machine knows that this difficult user is kind of emotional, the next time the user starts talking with the machine, the machine would use more positive or supportive words and sentences.
This is really basic, but I hope this helps in the explanation of the project. Hemabh Production 02/02/2024
